Tidy up the documentation. (#2404)
yewstack/yew: website/docs/migration-guides/yew/from-0_18_0-to-0_19_0.mdx

  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

There is a community provided regex to help automate the update, though we can't promise it will work
all the time.

It breaks when it encounters closures (specifically the `|_|` syntax).

find with `=(?![{">=\s])([^\s></]*(\s!{0,1}[=|&]{2}\s[^\s></]*)*)`

replace with `={$1}`

## Function components

[Function components](./../../concepts/function-components/introduction) are a brand new way to write components that
requires less boilerplate than their structural counterpart.

> While this change does not force you to change your codebase, as you migrate from `0.18` to `0.19`
> is might present a good opportunity to start using them in your codebase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this change does not force you to change your codebase, as you migrate from `0.18` to `0.19`, this migration time might present a good opportunity to start using them in your codebase.
```
